Validate deleted files (#1786)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Improved the detection of errors in **doc-review** command.
* The **validate** command now checks if a readme file is empty, only for packs that contain playbooks or were written by a partner
* The **validate** command now makes sure common contextPath values (e.g. `DBotScore.Score`) have a non-empty description, and **format** populates them automatically.

> * Added to **validate** a validation that prevents the user to delete importent files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a **validate** check to prevent deletion of files whose deletion is not supported by the XSOAR marketplace.
```
